December 24th.
Nineteen-year-olds. who are turning twenty
in a week. are here.
These young dreamers
will get lessons on life...
in School 19 to expand their worldview.
They'll receive lessons on cooking.
economics. and human relations.
They'll learn important things to know
before becoming adults
and spend their last week
as teenagers here.
There is only one rule.
Dating is not allowed.
NO DATING
When you're told not to do something.
you want to do it even more.
He kind of caught my attention.
Why is she looking at me?
Does she like me?
In class. I couldn't stop looking at him.
I considered him nothing more
than a friend.
but my feelings for him grew
without me realizing.
-I'll stay alert.
-Okay.
I'll remember this forever.
You always say the scenery is pretty.
but why do you never say that to me?
Once we leave this school.
I'll try approaching her.
And finally. on December 31st.
the day they all become adults.
their surreal time in House 20 will begin.
Awesome!
It's amazing.
As they spend their first week as adults
together. free from all restrictions.
what growing pains will they experience?
It feels different here
than back at school.
Let's go on a date.
There's something I want to say.
Will you go out with me?
One minute left!
The end of 19 and the start of 20.
-Three.
-Two.
One!
This is about youth who'll experience
the best moment of their lives together.
This is Nineteen to Twenty.
That was like a movie.
JEONG SE-WOON. LEE SU-HYUN.
KIM JI-EUN. KYUHYUN
-It looks fun. right?
-It gave me chills.
-Those were some of the highlights.
-I bet.
It was short. but it looked like they're
in a teen film. Right?
-Yes.
-They're all good looking.
-They all look great.
-Yes.
I wonder what will happen.
After watching that.
I feel like I'd go crazy if I were them.
-Why?
-I can just feel it.
Korea is the only country where
everyone becomes adults together on
January 1st regardless of your birthday.
-Everyone turns 20.
-Right.
And they all go crazy together.
It's part of our culture.
Like we saw in the preview.
they have a toast with drinks right away.
-Right.
-My heart is pounding.
Young men and women are spending
a once-in-a-lifetime moment together.
It'll be a wonderful memory.
-I bet it'll be unforgettable.
-Yes.
Back then. I dreamed of buying
a lottery ticket.
-Right.
-Only adults can buy them.
-Yes.
-Really? I didn't know.
-I only had one dream.
-What was it?
Staying at an internet café past 10 p.m.
At the karaoke and internet café.
-Right. We couldn't.
-Right.
Back in my days.
we could stay past 10 p.m.
Back in my days. at 10 p.m..
we were told. "all minors must leave."
-I...
-I wanted to stay.
I went to an all-girls school.
-I was looking forward to university...
-With boys.
-so I could go to school with boys.
-Right.
They must be excited.
I know. It's a great experience.
I'm jealous.
D-7
UNTIL 20
SCHOOL 19
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
He must be so excited.
Yeah. he must be.
It's making me nervous.
SCHEDULE
SPECIAL LECTURE II. SEX & CULTURE. TRAVEL
ECONOMICS. PE. BEAUTY. AMA. FIELD TRIP
DANCESPORT. AMA. CA. CLOSING CEREMONY
SCHOOL 19. MERRY CHRISTMAS
2022.12.24
TO DO LIST
SELF-INTRODUCTION. CHOOSE CLUB ACTIVITY
MOON SE-YEON
Hello. I'm Moon Se-yeon. I'm 19 years old.
When I'm with strangers.
I'm very shy and timid at first.
But when I'm with my friends.
I'm known as the funny guy.
When I turn 20. the biggest change
will be my mindset
because as an adult. I'll need to take
full responsibility for my actions.
I'll be spending my last days
as a teen with new friends.
I want us all to have a good time.
Hello. I'm Lim Jung-yun. I'm 19 years old.
I'm talkative with people I'm close to.
but when I'm with strangers.
it can be a bit awkward.
In middle school.
I was on the school's sports team.
In high school.
I went to an all-boys school.
I barely had a chance
to hang out with girls.
I only have male friends.
I don't have any female friends at all.
He went to an all-boys school.
-Oh. my.
-Oh. dear.
He might freeze when he sees them.
I know.
-Still. they're the same age.
-Yeah.
Hello.
I was told we can sit anywhere we want.
Hello. I'm Jeong Seo-yeong. I'm 19.
When I think about turning 20.
I feel sad and excited at the same time.
I want to get my driver's license.
I want to park like this...
I always dreamed of parking a car myself.
Q. WHAT DO YOU THINK
SCHOOL 19 WILL BE LIKE?
I think it'll be fun.
I'm looking forward to it.
Hello.
It's the first time Jung-yun is
in the same class with a girl.
He's just happy to be there.
-It's exciting.
-Yes.
I can tell that he's excited.
He can't hide it.
Hello. I'm Choi Seo-hyeon.
I'm 19 years old.
I still can't believe it.
That I'm turning 20 overnight.
When I turn 20. my dream is
to have a boyfriend in college
and to play drinking games
with my friends.
Q. ARE YOU POPULAR AMONG FRIENDS?
I never say this myself.
but my friends call me
the beauty queen of Sangmyung High.
I was popular for a little bit
when I started high school.
Boys used to line up in front of my class
to see me.
Hello.
Jung-yun's just happy.
He's just happy to be there.
-I love the flow.
-I have goosebumps.
Hello.
Hello. I'm Oh Sang-won.
I'm 19.
People often say that my personality
is like a Golden Retriever.
They say that
because I like meeting new people and I'm
always cheerful like a Golden Retriever.
The last moments of my teen years
mean a lot to me.
I'm becoming an adult.
and a lot will change.
So I want to wrap up my teens
by having fun
with good people who make me happy.
-Hello.
Hello.
-Can I sit here?
-Yes. You can sit wherever you want.
-Hello.
Hello.
This is so awkward.
I'm Noh Hee-ji.
I'm 19.
HEE-JI
I'm pretty outgoing and comfortable around
both guys and girls.
so I make friends easily.
My age will now start with a two
instead of a one.
I've always wanted
to do the countdown with friends
and wait outside of a bar until midnight.
and at midnight. enter the bar
with my ID on my forehead.
That's my dream.
After I got into high school.
COVID-19 blew up.
It feels like
I lost my high school experience.
I'm excited to go to school
with new friends.
-Right. They didn't go to school.
-Right.
-They couldn't.
-No.
They also had to wear masks.
I heard some students
don't know their friends' faces.
-Really?
-Right. That makes sense.
-Hello.
Why's everyone being so formal?
Tell me about it.
Hello. My name is Lee Ji-min. I'm 19.
I'm pretty popular with girls.
I received more Pepero
than my other friends on Pepero Day.
-He's cute.
-He's honest.
-That's important.
-It does show his popularity.
You keep searching under your desk
on Pepero Day.
-To see if you got any.
-Really?
You check after every period.
That's sad.
When I turn 20.
I'll go to college and live alone.
I'm worried about living away
from my parents.
but I'm also looking forward
to living alone for the first time.
Hello. I'm Choi Ye-rin. I'm 19.
My friends often say I'm very chill.
They say I'm more reliable
than their boyfriends.
When I become an adult.
I want to fall deeply in love
because I've never been
in a serious relationship before.
One time. I dated for two days.
The other time. for a week.
My longest relationship was 47 days.
It was so short.
My heart never fluttered for a guy before.
Q. NEVER?
No. maybe that's why I've never been
in a serious relationship.
In Crash Landing on You. when Son Ye-jin
shouts "Ri Jeong-hyeok" while crying
and runs to him. I thought.
"I want to be in love like that."
-Someone's here.
-Are you getting nervous?
-Hi.
-Hello.
Hello.
I thought she was
going to introduce herself.
Hi.
-I'm nervous.
-Me too.
-Is everyone here?
-I think so.
-Everyone's here.
-Yes.
Are you nervous?
SE-YEON
JUNG-YUN
SEO-YEONG
SEO-HYEON
SANG-WON
HEE-JI
JI-MIN
YE-RIN
NINETEEN TO TWENTY
Spending Christmas Eve. Christmas and
New Years here together will be special.
They'll be special.
Very special.
Hello.
-Hello.
No need to stand. Don't stand.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hello.
Hello.
My name is Kim Jung-hyuk.
I'm a novelist.
Do you know what novelists do?
They write novels.
Write novels? Very accurate.
As you know. this is School 19.
We teach young dreamers
what they must know
when they become adults.
Welcome to School 19.
Now. you're going to come here
and introduce yourselves.
You can tell us your names.
your dreams and what you like and dislike.
Should we go in order this way?
-Me first?
-Yes.
You look the most energetic.
I'll drop the formalities
since we're the same age.
Hi. My name is Noh Hee-ji.
I like to exercise.
And I hate studying.
But I like studying
for subjects that I like.
I want to become a Pilates instructor.
My mother is a Pilates instructor.
And I think what she does
is really amazing.
I also love teaching people.
That's another reason why
I want to become an instructor.
I really like to exercise.
so my hobbies are cycling.
lifting. and running.
Nice to meet you.
Hi. I am Moon Se-yeon. I'm 19.
I play sports.
I'm an athlete.
I play table tennis.
I started in Grade 2
and I've been playing for about ten years.
In 2022. my team won
the national high school competition.
I also played as
a member of the youth national team.
Starting from 2023. I'll play for
the Jecheon City Hall table tennis team.
My short-term goal is
winning in the pro league next year.
As for my long-term goal. I want to go
abroad. experience what's out there.
and broaden my horizons.
There are a lot of things
I like and dislike.
I hope to talk to you all
and get to know you.
Nice to meet you.
Hi.
My name is Oh Sang-won.
I like meeting new people.
so I'm happy to meet you.
There isn't anything
I dislike in particular.
My dream is to work
in the field of robotics.
What's unique about me is that I already
finished my first year of university.
I'll be a sophomore next year.
-Nice to meet you.
-That's so cool.
I'm currently attending POSTECH.
Pohang University of Science
and Technology.
In science high schools. you get to
graduate early if you're in the top 40%.
Luckily. I got into university
at the age of 19.
My dream is to become a robotics engineer.
I want to build robots
that can be used daily
to help people's everyday life.
-That's amazing.
-That's intense.
-So many impressive people here.
-I know.
-Hi.
Hi. I'm Choi Ye-rin.
I want to become a flight attendant.
so I want to major in airline service.
My dream is to become a flight attendant.
You get to interact with people who speak
different languages. ride airplanes.
and meet people from various countries.
That's why I want to become
a flight attendant.
I plan to learn more about it
by majoring in airline service.
I like Pilates.
-You know what it is. right?
-Yes.
I like Pilates and I don't like...
being on an empty stomach.
I mean. I dislike it a bit.
I just don't like being hungry.
-Let's do this.
Hi.
My name is Lim Jung-yun.
I want to be an actor.
I thought you looked like an actor.
I originally dreamed
of becoming a baseball player.
I played baseball until Grade 10.
I grew tired of it eventually.
and I realized I couldn't keep going.
so I quit.
I've always wanted to act.
so I decided to give it a go
and started this year.
Since I'm still new to acting.
I'm trying extra hard in my classes.
and I'm open to trying out
all different roles and genres.
I hope to become an actor
who will have a long and stable career.
And I like watching soccer.
There isn't anything I hate in particular.
About soccer...
You only like watching it? Not playing?
I don't like playing soccer that much.
-Watching only?
-Yes.
Next.
Hi.
My name is Lee Ji-min.
I'm practicing Taekwondo right now.
That's my major.
I want to become a sports instructor.
I've always enjoyed all kinds
of physical activities
like soccer. taekwondo. baseball and more.
That influenced me
to find my dream in sports.
I want my students to remember me
as a friendly and good teacher.
That's my goal.
What I like is food.
Steak is my favorite.
What I don't like is being selfish.
Thanks.
All right.
-Hi.
I'm Jeong Seo-yeong. I'm 19.
I also want to be an actress.
I want to be an actress.
It's very fun and interesting
to learn about a character's life.
I want to become a memorable actress.
What I like is my puppy.
And I also don't like being hungry.
We totally clicked. Nice to meet you all.
Okay.
Hi. I'm...
My name is Choi Seo-hyeon.
I like fast food.
I don't like eggplants.
And my dream is to be an architect.
Nice to meet you.
I want to be an architect.
I once visited my dad's studio.
and I saw a beautiful house.
Since then. I've wanted
to become an architect.
so I can build pretty houses.
I love taking pictures.
I often work on floor plans
or draw buildings.
I want to build comfortable
and pretty spaces where people can rest.
That was an unexpected twist. Cool.
The most memorable person was Seo-hyeon.
She wants to become an architect.
I've never met anyone with that dream.
I hope I'll have a chance
to get to know her.
Hee-ji was memorable because she wants
to become a Pilates instructor.
...a Pilates instructor.
I do Pilates for fun too.
I was glad to meet her.
Jung-yun was the most interesting to me
because I like watching soccer too.
And I like watching soccer.
When he said he likes watching soccer.
it piqued my interest.
Se-yeon said he was an athlete.
I want to talk to him more.
Q. ANY OF THE GIRLS MEMORABLE TO YOU?
Why... One second.
They're all pretty.
Didn't he just blink six times
in one second?
Yes.
-He's nervous.
-He must be very nervous.
The fact that they all know
what they want to do...
-I know. That's very cool.
-That's amazing.
-I found Se-yeon impressive.
-Me too.
He played as a member of
the youth national team.
We might see him in the future Olympics.
Right.
He looks like he would want
to become a model or an actor.
I agree.
I know. He's so cool.
-For me. Sang-won.
-Right.
Yes. majoring in robotics.
It's amazing that he goes to POSTECH.
It's not easy to get into robotics.
-He'll be a leader in the field.
-Right.
I thought Ye-rin
was full of unexpected twists.
-She wasn't as shy as I thought.
-Right?
She seemed open-minded.
She showed good reactions.
She seemed very cheerful.
I expected her to be calm and quiet.
-Right.
-That was unexpected.
I learned a lot about you all.
First of all. many of you
don't like being hungry.
We'd better feed you well.
School 19 has one rule.
The rule is quite daunting.
NO DATING
-"No dating"?
-"No dating."
"No dating"?
You are not allowed to date
in this school.
No way.
That will be hard at their age.
Since it's the school rule.
please respect and adhere to it.
I was like. "What?"
I thought. "What is this?"
Everyone here is good-looking.
No dating is too much.
When you're told not to do something.
you want to do it even more.
I wondered if that's possible.
I always follow the rules.
-She's...
-I bet she'll be the first to break it.
People who say that always...
Get a boyfriend first.
It's very hard.
When you're told not to do something.
that's all you think about afterwards.
Right.
I'm going to assign your seats.
You'll sit in alphabetical order.
I'll call your names.
In front. it's Ms. Noh Hee-ji.
-It's my seat.
-Next is Mr. Moon Se-yeon.
Here?
The two of you can sit here.
Next is Ms. Jeong Seo-yeong
and Mr. Oh Sang-won.
You can sit there.
Ms. Choi Seo-hyeon and Mr. Lee Ji-min.
You can sit in front.
Next is Ms. Choi Ye-rin
and Mr. Lim Jung-yun.
You can sit here.
SEO-YEONG. SANG-WON
HEE-JI. SE-YEON
-Hi.
-The table tennis player.
YE-RIN. JUNG-YUN
Hi.
It's in alphabetical order.
So? Do you like your seatmate?
SEO-HYEON. JI-MIN
-Yes. Hi.
-Hi.
Let's have a short break.
-Okay.
-Aren't you nervous?
-Me? I'm cold.
The heat pack is all cold now.
I probably have one.
This is still warm.
Really?
-Right?
-It's warm.
Keep this one in your pocket.
Are your hands dry?
A little.
Do you want hand cream?
-Do you want some?
-Just a little.
I'll put it on the back of your hand.
Is this enough?
Yeah. thanks.
I like this scent.
I'm not sure if you'll like it too.
It smells nice.
Yes. it does.
Yeah. right?
Jung-yun is smiling only with his lips.
-He doesn't know what to do.
-He looks so lost.
For the first time in his life.
the girl sitting next to him
gave him hand cream.
-That's so cute.
-That's cute.
-They're really cute.
-When did you start table tennis?
-In Grade 2.
That's early. I used to play baseball too.
-Baseball?
-I was a baseball player.
I like baseball.
Every time I look at you. I see an actor.
When you went up here
to introduce yourself.
I was going to say
that you look like an actor.
Then you said you want to be one.
I was really surprised.
SPECIAL LECTURE
INSTRUCTOR KIM JUNG-HYUK
Hi.
-Hello.
Do you see these graphs drawn here?
You will draw out your very own
life graph here.
The four people in the front row.
come up here.
Draw your graph and write your name.
-It goes like this.
-Okay.
Sometimes. you should look at your life
from a third-person point of view.
If you imagine your life is the line.
you can see the pain
and sorrow from a distance.
And my luck went up.
There's one thing that every school has.
Homework.
You drew graphs of your lives.
Go to the library and pick out
a book you would like to recommend
to the person whose graph you liked or
related to. Also. write a letter to them.
That's your homework.
A letter.
Let's have a fun class again next time.
Enjoy your lunch.
-Thank you.
-Enjoy your lunch.
-Yes. Enjoy your lunch.
-We have homework.
-Yeah. we do.
They'd pick their seatmates.
-Yes.
-It's their first seatmates.
As they take care of each other
and feel closer.
-their feelings will grow.
-Exactly.
It's going to be so much fun.
-Need help?
-Yes.
-Sorry.
-Don't be.
-Here.
-Thanks. What is this?
It's pork cutlet sauce.
Amazing.
Do you like pork cutlets?
-Pork cutlets?
-Yeah.
I wouldn't refuse it.
I love it.
-You love it?
-It's my favorite.
I want to look around.
-Me too.
-It looks like so much fun.
I need to go to the library.
-The library?
-To do my homework.
Who are you going to write to?
Me? I don't know yet.
-Wanna write to each other?
-Sure.
I'll be disappointed if I don't get one.
-Me too.
-Right?
Others could get three or four.
-I know.
-"Nothing for Ji-min?"
"No one wrote to Ji-min."
-What if that happens?
-That'll be upsetting.
-I'll be disappointed big time.
-Right.
I know my graph is boring.
Mine's boring too.
Mine looks just like yours.
I thought something was missing.
I don't have any kimchi.
Do you want some of this?
Yes.
I should eat fruits. What am I doing?
I almost closed it.
-Want to go to the snack shop?
-Snack shop?
-Yes.
-Is the snack shop on the other side?
MAIN BUILDING MAP
It is. right?
-It's at the end. Let's go.
-Yeah. that's the opposite side.
Which one's yours? I'll get it for you.
Mine's on the right. That one.
It's black. Next to your coat.
Hey. It looks so warm.
Do you want to try it on? Try it on.
-Really?
-Yes. try it on.
That is...
He's so cool.
Perfect. It's so warm.
-Does it make you happy?
-It makes me happy.
-My gosh. It's fun already.
-She must look so cute.
-What does that mean?
-Their height difference...
-That doesn't mean anything yet.
-Really? Was it just me?
-It's because they're seatmates.
-You think so?
Maybe they felt comfortable quickly.
-I think Hee-ji's into Se-yeon.
-Me too.
Se-yeon keeps turning his back on her.
When she said she was missing kimchi.
she sounded shy.
It wasn't like her.
-She was too nervous to be herself.
-Yes.
-Makes sense.
-Whatever it is. I like it.
This is fun. I can't wait to watch more.
They're so cute.
Sorry.
So hard to resist.
I hope the snack shop
has lots of good stuff.
I wonder if there's bubble tea.
Bubble tea? Seriously?
-It's here.
-It's the snack shop.
SNACK SHOP
Can I open the door?
Awesome!
I don't need to bring lunch tomorrow.
-We could eat food from here for a day.
-There are cup noodles.
This is pretty nice.
I want some jelly.
That's what you do in school.
-What?
-Eating in secret.
Something hard to eat like V-corn.
"V-corn"?
I want to eat V-corn.
I'll devour this.
-"Devour"?
-V-corn is really good.
You look like an expert.
I've had it a lot of times before.
-Bye.
-Let's go. Bye.
-Where's the lounge?
-It was next to the snack shop.
Here's the lounge.
Should we look inside?
What?
-What's this?
-What?
LOUNGE
It's nice.
Awesome. It's so nice.
Wait.
Does anyone know how to turn it on?
I don't know. I gave up.
Let me try.
-Hey.
-Are you taking a picture?
No.
That's annoying.
-He took a picture.
-What a waste of film!
Hey!
No. Give it to me. No.
Give it to me.
Let me try.
-Get in.
-Mr. Actor!
Mr. Actor.
-Mr. Actor. get in the picture. Standby.
-Closer.
-Get closer.
-Mr. Actor. smile.
-One. two. three.
-They're F4.
Snap.
Is it F4 because there are four of us?
Is that why?
Right.
-Take a picture of us.
-Sure.
You got this.
You got it this time.
-Perfect.
-Perfect? It'll be a good memory.
OUR FIRST MEETING
-Want to try taking one together?
-Let's all stand.
-Should I take my shoes off?
-Yes. take them off.
Hey.
That's dedication right there. Okay.
Real dedication.
Hang on.
Are we trying it?
-Good luck.
-Yes.
I'm only pressing the shutter.
Where should I go? Your head is...
Come to the center.
One. two. three.
-Did I get everyone this time?
-I think so.
I got a good feeling.
But you might have been cut out.
How does it look? Did it come out okay?
No?
-Guys. we...
-Yes?
It shook.
Sang-won.
-Do better.
-Sang-won.
-It's a good picture. isn't it?
-Look at this.
I got a good feeling.
-This is the best.
-But Sang-won is...
-It's too...
-It's nice.
OH JEONG LEE LIM MOON CHOI NOH CHOI
-Are you a celebrity. too?
-What?
I was shocked by how pretty you are.
-What are you talking about?
-I'm serious.
Come on. don't say that.
Please don't.
A flight attendant? That's crazy.
"Hello. ladies and gentleman."
-I dreamed of it once.
-Of being a flight attendant?
-Every girl does.
-It's a fantasy.
-It's amazing.
-At least once.
Noh Hee-ji.
Sounds like. "No easy."
That's how you can remember it.
To make it more easy to remember?
-Yes. No Easy.
-I see.
Oh my God.
What's going on?
-Join us.
-Her eyes are so big.
If you see her from the side.
they're just...
I found Ye-rin most surprising.
She was the complete opposite
of what I expected her to be.
-I agree.
-Me too.
-The complete opposite.
-I'm different once I get close to people.
Let's become close.
-Nice to meet you.
-Once we get close...
We'll see.
Everyone looks so kind.
-They all look kind.
-Everyone's kind.
Everyone is.
The one who looks like a bear.
What's his name?
My seatmate.
Sang-won.
-What's he like?
-He's...
He's really kind. He seems gentle.
Right. When we were taking the picture.
he was...
I also noticed.
The face of the person holding it
will look...
-Right.
-They'll look like this.
-You look ugly.
-He even took his shoes off.
He stood on the chair.
-I thought...
-That was impressive.
In the lounge.
Sang-won even took his shoes off
to stand on the chair
and take the group picture.
That was very cool.
-It was very cool?
-Was it?
Everyone has a different perspective.
I thought he was just enthusiastic.
but they found him cool.
-He won their favor.
-Yes. from doing his best.
-Ji-min. the one who...
-What about you?
-Se-yeon?
-Yes.
He's the most...
-Handsome?
-Yes.
-I agree.
-He looks like he's from a web drama.
Do you agree?
I like guys who have large monolid eyes.
Se-yeon fits my ideal type.
See?
-You were right.
-He's the hottest.
She was shy in front of him.
Right.
What are you like in a relationship?
-Me?
-What are you like when you're dating?
I think it's more fun
only if I really like him.
-Dating is like...
-You set aside time for them.
It's more exciting that way.
If I don't like the guy.
I don't want to do anything.
-I don't even want to hold his hand.
-Right.
If I like someone. I just go for it.
At first. I watch him. and if I like him.
-You go for it?
-I do.
-Right for it. bam.
-That's unexpected.
You're bold.
I never really fell for a guy before.
so I don't know what it's like.
-Really?
-Girls like this always date first.
You never know.
Do you think you'd date someone here?
It's a different story
when it comes to dating.
Some guys are boyfriend material
and some are bestie material.
-I can see that.
-I agree.
Right.
A bestie.
I want a bestie.
I'll focus on studying
while I'm in school.
I'm too busy to date anyone.
That can wait until I become an adult.
She's funny.
We'll see what happens. Ye-rin.
-How was it when you first came in?
-It was awkward.
It was only the two of us at first.
-Just you two?
-When I walked in.
I wondered if I should sit next to him.
We sat together.
so I talked to him the most.
And he was like. "It's cold."
So I thought. "He's pretty shy."
I think Hee-ji is the mood setter.
I dropped the formalities
after she said she'd drop them.
If she didn't say that.
we would've been more formal. like.
"Hello. My name is..."
I'll drop the formalities
since we're all same age.
I liked that she did that.
-Saying we should drop it.
-She broke the ice.
Hee-ji and I became close pretty fast.
I'm...
Who do you want to get to know the most?
I...
-What's going on?
-Based on the first impression.
It's just the first impression.
-Right.
-Just based on the first impression.
Let me think about it for a second.
-Hurry.
-I choose Seo-yeong.
-Seo-yeong?
-Yes.
She has a small face and looks like an
actress. I was surprised when I walked in.
That was partly why
I rushed to take a seat.
Because I was flustered.
Hello.
Seo-yeong? I choose Seo-hyeon.
-Seo-hyeon? My seatmate?
-Seo-hyeon.
I want to get to know Seo-hyeon more.
She's seated on the other side.
She's the furthest from me.
Because of that.
I barely had a chance talk to her.
I didn't get to talk to her much.
From now on. I hope I get more chances
to get close to her.
-You say Seo-hyeon?
-Seo-hyeon.
For me. it's Ye-rin.
Ye-rin kept asking weird questions
during her introduction.
-She's a bit goofy.
-She's goofy.
-Is she?
-Yes.
I noticed that Ye-rin is a bit goofy.
I thought she was funnier than she looks.
Pilates...
I want to talk to her first
and get to know her.
They'd be great together.
A goofy girl and a calm boy.
Did you get your driver's license?
-Oh. right. You haven't?
-No.
-My birthday has to pass.
-That's right.
My birthday just passed.
I didn't have time.
When was your birthday?
-When's your birthday?
-December 10th.
-Really?
-It's December 10th?
It just passed.
I'll ask the girls their birthdays.
-Ask them. They're here.
-Yes.
-Long time no see.
-Good to see you.
-Yeah.
It's been so long.
You had the camera?
I brought it. It was in the lounge.
Hi.
-The way he looks at her.
-What was that?
-But the rule is no dating. right?
-Right.
-We should...
-We're too invested.
-A fling is okay.
-We...
-That's okay.
ECONOMICS
INSTRUCTOR LEE HYUN
-Hi. everyone.
-Hello.
Hello.
I'm going to start. Can you take a seat?
Yes.
My name is...
Lee Hyun. Just one syllable.
I'm actually a reporter.
I usually cover economics.
The title of my lecture today is
"My Money"...
My purchase?
"My Life." not my purchase.
"Life".
That's the title.
A hashtag for people who lead their life
with their own economic power
would be. "My Money. My Life."
I wanted to talk about how to gain
economic power and lead your own life.
That's how you become a real grown-up.
so that's why I came up with this title.
The real game starts at 20.
You have more time than I do.
Let's think about
how to use this time wisely.
Since it begins when you turn 20
and it continues until you turn 30 and 40.
how are you going to use your time
to manage money?
Let's think about that today.
Then what's next?
Ji-min. are you tired?
What? No.
-Sorry.
-What? Don't be.
-It's hard.
-Guys.
-That's for people in 30s.
-They're yawning.
-It's too early for them.
-Teach us instead.
This is so beneficial for us
who are in our 30s.
Next is. make a nest egg.
Unexpected events occur in life.
I felt sleepy in economy class.
because we had just eaten lunch.
I dozed off.
The choice is yours.
The next lifehack is even more practical.
Writing your employment contract.
An employment contract is a must.
An employment contract is a list
of your working conditions.
-They're playing.
-Oh. my.
Did she write that she's sleepy?
-What did she write?
-Show us!
-That is...
They might just tell you
how much they'll pay you and...
In economy. Ye-rin wrote
that she was sleepy. I found it funny.
I was falling asleep. so I wrote.
"I'm so sleepy..." and showed him.
It was my first time doing that
with a girl in class. It was fun.
It was his first time.
That's so cute.
He's like a younger brother.
-"Doing that."
-So cute.
He might misunderstand.
-He might think she likes him.
-Right.
-He could.
I hope he gets to experience everything.
Try everything.
That's all for today.
I have an announcement.
That is.
you were asked what CA you want. right?
We have made two clubs.
One is table tennis club.
Play like this.
And the other is astronomy club.
-Astronomy.
-Astronomy?
Table tennis club will be led by Se-yeon.
And for astronomy club.
-Sang-won.
-Okay.
I thought Sang-won would be a perfect fit.
-Right.
-For the rest of you...
The clubs are first come. first serve.
The first four people to come get in.
Think about which club you want to join.
and when you're ready.
you can go to the club rooms.
I want to be in both.
Me too. Can I be in both?
I know. right?
What should I do?
Life is a series of decisions to make.
I want to play table tennis
and see the stars.
Can I do both?
I like watching stars.
Then you'll like it.
I mean. I'm not sure what we'll be doing.
but we might assemble a telescope
-and see the stars.
-Sounds fun.
-What are you going to do?
-What?
I'm joining the astronomy club.
Are you coming?
Me too.
-Oh. my.
-Oh. my. What was that?
-She was whispering.
-When did they get so close?
-"What are you going to do?"
-Did I miss something?
ASTRONOMY CLUB
I became the leader of the astronomy club.
The sense of responsibility
made me feel pressure.
TABLE TENNIS CLUB
I know table tennis the best among them.
I'll teach them and have fun.
It's not easy.
Some people might be disappointed.
I know.
-What if we all choose the same club?
-That's unlikely.
-Right? It'll be about even.
-Yes.
Stars or sports?
-That is the question.
-The question.
I'm going to run.
Do you want to see?
Let's go.
What? Wait for me.
You have to push it.
Slow down.
-Where is it?
I want to talk to Seo-hyeon more
in the club.
I want to get to know her more.
The person I want
in the table tennis club is Ye-rin.
-Who's coming?
-Who's coming? I can't wait.
This is so thrilling.
Club activity one and two.
This is astronomy.
Is this astronomy?
Table tennis?
Seo-hyeon. Which one will you choose?
Subtitle translation by: Songmi
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-